docs(Add sample app): Add sample app (#78)
vispana/vispana: README.md

      docker run -p 4000:4000 --network vespanet vispana/vispana:latest
    ```
4. Access Vispana in your browser via [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) and specify
   the config node as `http://vespa-container:19071` if you run vispana in docker. If you run
   vispana locally, you can use `http://localhost:19071` or add `127.0.0.1 vespa-container` to
   /etc/hosts.

> 5. Vispana assume that a application is running with name `default`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Vispana assumes that an application is running with name `default`.
```

>    This project include a sample application that can be deployed to Vespa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This project includes a sample application that can be deployed to Vespa.
```
